Improve TileDef documentation (#16110)
luanti-org/luanti: doc/lua_api.md

    -- * `false` for `special_tiles` of drawtype `plantlike_rooted`.
    -- * `true` otherwise.

    tileable_horizontal = bool,
    tileable_vertical = bool,
    -- Decides how textures are sampled out-of-bounds.
    --
    -- If `true`, pixels are repeated, if `false`, values are clamped to edge.
    --
    -- `tileable_horizontal` and `tileable_vertical` apply to texture coordinates
    -- horizontal and vertical respecitively in uv space, not world space.
    --
    -- Default (for both):
    -- * `false` for drawtypes `plantlike`, and `firelike`.
    -- * `false` for `special_tiles` of drawtype `plantlike_rooted`.
    -- * `true` otherwise.

    align_style = "node",
    -- Determines whether the texture will be rotated with the node or kept
    -- aligned with its surroundings.
    --
    -- The tile for a face of a node is still chosen by the node's rotation. This
    -- option only applies to the rotation within the face's plane.
    --
    -- One of:
    -- * "node" (default): Rotated with node.
    -- * "world": Always default rotation.
    -- * "user": Client setting `world_aligned_mode` will be used, similar to
    --   `glasslike_framed_optional`.
    --

>     -- Only supported by drawtypes made of cuboids.

Reviewer: is this clear enough?

Reviewer 2: seems a bit unclear to me, e.g. would this include degrotate (non-axis-aligned cuboids)? a mesh made up of axis-aligned cuboids? probably best to just list them.

Author: I did it like this because I didn't want to check if all the drawtypes *really* work. x)

TODO.

    --
    -- Setting a different value in the corresponding `overlay_tiles` tile is not
    -- supported.

>     scale = int,

Reviewer: assuming we want to stay with lua types
```suggestion
    scale = number,
```

Reviewer 2: I think int(eger) is fine and a bit clearer.

See also: https://docs.luanti.org/for-creators/lua-conventions/#integers for anyone who may be confused.

The 5.1 reference manual also uses the term integer, e.g. https://www.lua.org/manual/5.1/manual.html#pdf-math.random.

Author: We also use "int" elsewhere in the doc.

    -- Make the tile span several (exactly `scale`) nodes, instead of just one,
    -- in each direction. Works for world-aligned tiles only.
    --
    -- `0` (default) to disable.
    --

>     -- Note that as the effect is applied on a per-meshgen-chunk basis,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -- Note that as the effect is applied on a per-MapBlock basis,
```

Reviewer: but this value cannot be greater than 16, can it?

Author: You can make if e.g. 15, and it will be different.

(The limitation doced here should be fixed anyways.)
